feat: Python course lesson about getting links (#1214)
apify/apify-docs: sources/academy/webscraping/scraping_basics_python/09_getting_links.md

```py
def export_csv(file, data):
    # highlight-next-line
    fieldnames = list(data[0].keys())
    writer = csv.DictWriter(file, fieldnames=fieldnames)
    writer.writeheader()
    for row in data:
        writer.writerow(row)
```

:::note Fragile code

The code above assumes the `data` variable contains at least one item, and that all the items have the same keys. This isn't robust and could break, but in our program, this isn't a problem, and omitting these corner cases allows us to keep the code examples more succinct.

:::

The last function we'll add will take care of the JSON export. For better readability of the JSON export, let's make a small change here too and set the indentation level to two spaces:

```py
def export_json(file, data):
    def serialize(obj):
        if isinstance(obj, Decimal):
            return str(obj)
        raise TypeError("Object not JSON serializable")

    # highlight-next-line
    json.dump(data, file, default=serialize, indent=2)
```

Now let's put it all together:

```py
import httpx
from bs4 import BeautifulSoup
from decimal import Decimal
import csv
import json

def download(url):
    ...

> def parse_product(product):

Author: Yeeah, I know it's better; I’m just struggling with the feeling that having a huge blob of code is intimidating for me and the reader 😅 But you’re absolutely right in your points. Now I can combat that feeling, wielding your comment like a two-handed melee weapon—this will help.

> def parse_product(product):

Reviewer: maybe break up the code initially explaining what each part does, and then do something like 

>Let's put it together

and get the whole code sample as a copiable codeblock?

> def parse_product(product):

Author: @TC-MO That's what is happening, I think. But I just opted to have `...` instead of full functions in the code block, so it isn't copiable. Well, wasn't. Just pushed a commit which resolves this.

![Refactoring](images/refactoring.gif)

:::

## Extracting links

With everything in place, we can now start working on a scraper that also scrapes the product pages. For that, we'll need the links to those pages. Let's open the browser DevTools and remind ourselves of the structure of a single product item:

![Product card's child elements](./images/child-elements.png)

Several methods exist for transitioning from one page to another, but the most common is a link tag, which looks like this:

```html
<a href="https://example.com">Text of the link</a>
```

In DevTools, we can see that each product title is, in fact, also a link tag. We already locate the titles, so that makes our task easier. We just need to edit the code so that it extracts not only the text of the element but also the `href` attribute. Beautiful Soup elements support accessing attributes as if they were dictionary keys:

```py
def parse_product(product):
    title_element = product.select_one(".product-item__title")
    title = title_element.text.strip()
    url = title_element["href"]

    ...

    return {"title": title, "min_price": min_price, "price": price, "url": url}
```

> In the code above, we've also added the URL to the dictionary returned by the function. If we run the scraper now, it should produce exports where each product contains a link to its product page:

Reviewer: one tip that I would have is to try avoid directional language, not really accessibility friendly & screen reader friendly

Reviewer: "In the code above" I think this is directional, maybe 
```suggestion
In the previous code example, we've also added the URL to the dictionary returned by the function. If we run the scraper now, it should produce exports where each product contains a link to its product page:
```

would work better?

Author: Aaaa! Completely oblivious. Thanks!
